Update README.md (#22)
backdrop-contrib/d2b_migrate: README.md

Drupal to Backdrop migrate
===============================

Experimental module that helps migrate a Drupal 7 site to Backdrop CMS.

Installation
------------

1. Create a new empty BackdropCMS site.
2. Install this module and Backup and Migrate module.
3. Enable both modules at the module administration page.

> 4. Click "Configure" button and you will see the interface for migration process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click the "Configure" button for the D2B module to start the migration process.
```
